Remove dotenvx and update readme/contibuting.md files to promote good practices in devs and AI agents (#127)
LIT-Protocol/Vincent: packages/vincent-tools/vincent-policy-spending-limit/README.md

# Vincent Policy Spending Limit

A policy that can be attached to Vincent tools to avoid them spending more than a user-defined limit in a specific period of time.

## Overview

The Vincent Policy Spending Limit is part of the Vincent Tools ecosystem and is built using the Vincent Tool SDK. It allows users to set spending limits for tools that interact with their funds, providing an additional layer of security and control.

## Features

- Set maximum spending limits per period
- Track spending across multiple tools
- Configurable by users through the Vincent Dashboard

## Installation

```bash
npm install @lit-protocol/vincent-policy-spending-limit
```

## Usage

This policy can be integrated with Vincent Tools to enforce spending limits:

```typescript

> import { createVincentToolPolicy, createVincentTool } from '@lit-protocol/vincent-tool-sdk';
> import { dailySpendPolicy } from '@lit-protocol/vincent-policy-spending-limit';
> 
> const toolParamsSchema = z.object({
>   buy: z.boolean(),
>   buyAmount: z.number(),
> });
> 
> export const myTokenSwapTool = createVincentTool({
>   toolParamsSchema,
>   supportedPolicies: [
>     createVincentToolPolicy({
>       toolParamsSchema,
>       policyDef: dailySpendPolicy,
>       toolParameterMappings: { buy: 'buyAmount' },
>     }),
>   ],
>   // ... rest of tool implementation
> });

Reviewer: Current API:
```suggestion
import { createVincentToolPolicy, createVincentTool, supportedPoliciesForTool } from '@lit-protocol/vincent-tool-sdk';
import { bundledVincentPolicy } from '@lit-protocol/vincent-policy-spending-limit';

const toolParamsSchema = z.object({
  buy: z.boolean(),
});

const spendingLimitPolicy = createVincentToolPolicy({
  toolParamsSchema,
  bundledVincentPolicy,
  toolParameterMappings: { buy: 'buyAmount' },
});

export const myTokenSwapTool = createVincentTool({
  toolParamsSchema,
  supportedPolicies: supportedPoliciesForTool([spendingLimitPolicy]),
  // ... rest of tool implementation
});
```

As an aside, `createVincentToolPolicy()` is responsible for binding a policy to the tool -- it's where the tool author decides which  toolParams from the tool should be passed to the policy's toolParams and their variable names. I'm still not super happy with the name. Feedback welcome.

Reviewer: I was thinking about something like `bind` for the naming convention too.  🤔 

See https://github.com/LIT-Protocol/Vincent/pull/129#discussion_r2141112827 re: the need to use `supportedPoliciesForTool()` -- this was driven by type inference constraints :( TS Does a lot better at inferring things that are passed in as arguments that things that are composed as side-effects of things that are passed in as arguments, _especially_ when the 'thing' that is passed in isn't a strict type; an array of objects with different shapes is a nightmare for TS to infer.  Basically, this function is what enables us to ensure the `policiesContext` is a correctly typed object map inside of the tool lifecycle methods, and that the argument and return type of the `commit()` method for each policy is correctly inferred
